index.rst, before:

========
Welcome!
========

We are a group for people in the Atlanta area
who enjoy programming in Python.
No membership is required to participate,
we welcome both experienced programmers and absolute beginners alike!

Collected below are videos and slides from past meetings.
We have only occasionally had recording equipment available
through our history, so many meetings are not even listed here.

2009 October meeting
====================

Keyton Weissinger: Adding Excel-based Import and Export to Django
-----------------------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2794179>`_

 When users need to upload and download lots of raw data
 from your Django web application,
 it pays to support the most familiar format possible.
 Here, Keyton talks about how combining Django
 with an existing Excel library for Python
 allows his `Schoolicity <https://www.schoolicity.com/>`_
 school management software to support Excel imports and exports
 right out of the box.

Zellyn Hunter: Django at the Atlanta-Journal Constitution
---------------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2805912>`_
* `Slides (SlideShare) <http://www.slideshare.net/zellyn/django-at-the-ajc>`_

 How is Python used on the busy web site of a major newspaper,
 where the information to build the front page
 might come from more information systems
 than you can count on one hand?
 Zellyn talks about where Python and the Django web framework fit
 into their work in supporting a large volume of page views each day.

Chris Heisel: Gearman and Django
--------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2806533/>`_
* `Slides (PDF) <_static/heisel-gearman-djangocon.pdf>`_

 Finally, Chris Heisel treated us
 to an encore of the lightning talk
 that he gave at DjangoCon a few weeks earlier.
 `Gearman is a job-queuing system <http://gearman.org/>`_
 through which a front-end system with work it needs accomplished
 can distribute that workload across a whole farm
 of back-end servers.
 Its Python API is designed
 so that typical operations require only a line or two of code.

2009 July meeting
=================

Brandon Craig Rhodes: Documentation with Sphinx
-----------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2401788>`_
* `Slides (PDF) <http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/static/2009/sphinx.pdf>`_

Skylar Saveland: Pinax and Django
---------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2391457>`_

2009 June meeting
=================

Brandon Craig Rhodes: TurboGears 2 + Plone + contentmirror
----------------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2239406>`_

Rick Tomas: Google Wave
-----------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2238118>`_

Sim Harbert: Python Scripting on the Android
--------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2235811>`_

Brandon Craig Rhodes: Nuts & Bolts, ctypes
------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2235275>`_

2009 May meeting
================

Alfredo Deza: Testing and Test Coverage with Nose
-------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2225152>`_

Brandon Craig Rhodes: Introduction to PyCon filming
---------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2221463>`_

2009 January meeting
====================

Steve Holden: The State of the Python Community
-----------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=1479560638540229801&amp;hl=en>`_
* `Steve's home page <http://holdenweb.blogspot.com/>`_

Chris Johnson: Why People Choose Plone
--------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=5451095915380975433&amp;hl=en>`_
* `Chris's home page <http://ifpeople.net/about/people/cjj>`_

2008 July meeting on SQLAlchemy
===============================

Rick Copeland: Essential SQLAlchemy
-----------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2139688260328269384>`_
* `Slides (PDF) <http://files.meetup.com/127119/EssentialSQLAlchemy.pdf>`_
* `Rick's blog <http://pythonisito.blogspot.com/>`_

Brandon Craig Rhodes: SQLAlchemy Advanced Mappings
--------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=7582038483043089057>`_
* `Brandon's blog <http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/>`_

2008 Feburary meeting on ORMs
=============================

Rick Copeland: BloxAlchemy
--------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2130832537579149296>`_
* `Slides (PDF) <http://files.meetup.com/127119/BloxAlchemy.pdf>`_
* `Rick's blog <http://pythonisito.blogspot.com/>`_

Drew Smathers and Cary Hull: Axiom
----------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=560497242607455250>`_

Brandon Craig Rhodes: KSS
-------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=3829442611478268688>`_

2008 January meeting on package management
==========================================

Brandon Craig Rhodes: Introduction — “Python Before Eggs”
----------------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=5996823626349389448>`_
* `Brandon's blog <http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/>`_

Noah Gift: virtualenv
---------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=9123486531649272791>`_
* `Noah's blog <http://noahgift.com/>`_

Brandon Craig Rhodes: Buildout
------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=3428163188647461098>`_
* `Brandon's buildout page <http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/buildout>`_
* `Brandon's blog <http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/>`_

2007 December meeting
=====================

* Visiting speakers `Tres Seaver <http://www.palladion.com/>`_
  and `Chris McDonough <http://www.plope.com/>`_
* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3276625123051018943>`_
* `Slides (PDF) <http://static.repoze.org/pyatl-slides.pdf>`_

Commit message:

Added video from November meeting.

index.rst, after:

========
Welcome!
========

We are a group for people in the Atlanta area
who enjoy programming in Python.
No membership is required to participate,
we welcome both experienced programmers and absolute beginners alike!

Collected below are videos and slides from past meetings.
We have only occasionally had recording equipment available
through our history, so many meetings are not even listed here.

2009 November meeting
=====================

Brandon Rhodes: Less Famous Data Structures in Python
-----------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2940638>`_

 Python has lots of data structures
 besides the general-purpose tuple, list, and dictionary.
 This talk introduces more than a half-dozen more data structures
 that come built-in as part of Python's "batteries included"
 standard library,
 and outlines what they are good at
 and in what situations you might be able to make good use of them.

2009 October meeting
====================

Keyton Weissinger: Adding Excel-based Import and Export to Django
-----------------------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2794179>`_

 When users need to upload and download lots of raw data
 from your Django web application,
 it pays to support the most familiar format possible.
 Here, Keyton talks about how combining Django
 with an existing Excel library for Python
 allows his `Schoolicity <https://www.schoolicity.com/>`_
 school management software to support Excel imports and exports
 right out of the box.

Zellyn Hunter: Django at the Atlanta-Journal Constitution
---------------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2805912>`_
* `Slides (SlideShare) <http://www.slideshare.net/zellyn/django-at-the-ajc>`_

 How is Python used on the busy web site of a major newspaper,
 where the information to build the front page
 might come from more information systems
 than you can count on one hand?
 Zellyn talks about where Python and the Django web framework fit
 into their work in supporting a large volume of page views each day.

Chris Heisel: Gearman and Django
--------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2806533/>`_
* `Slides (PDF) <_static/heisel-gearman-djangocon.pdf>`_

 Finally, Chris Heisel treated us
 to an encore of the lightning talk
 that he gave at DjangoCon a few weeks earlier.
 `Gearman is a job-queuing system <http://gearman.org/>`_
 through which a front-end system with work it needs accomplished
 can distribute that workload across a whole farm
 of back-end servers.
 Its Python API is designed
 so that typical operations require only a line or two of code.

2009 July meeting
=================

Brandon Craig Rhodes: Documentation with Sphinx
-----------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2401788>`_
* `Slides (PDF) <http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/static/2009/sphinx.pdf>`_

Skylar Saveland: Pinax and Django
---------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2391457>`_

2009 June meeting
=================

Brandon Craig Rhodes: TurboGears 2 + Plone + contentmirror
----------------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2239406>`_

Rick Tomas: Google Wave
-----------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2238118>`_

Sim Harbert: Python Scripting on the Android
--------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2235811>`_

Brandon Craig Rhodes: Nuts & Bolts, ctypes
------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2235275>`_

2009 May meeting
================

Alfredo Deza: Testing and Test Coverage with Nose
-------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2225152>`_

Brandon Craig Rhodes: Introduction to PyCon filming
---------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (blip.tv) <http://blip.tv/file/2221463>`_

2009 January meeting
====================

Steve Holden: The State of the Python Community
-----------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=1479560638540229801&amp;hl=en>`_
* `Steve's home page <http://holdenweb.blogspot.com/>`_

Chris Johnson: Why People Choose Plone
--------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=5451095915380975433&amp;hl=en>`_
* `Chris's home page <http://ifpeople.net/about/people/cjj>`_

2008 July meeting on SQLAlchemy
===============================

Rick Copeland: Essential SQLAlchemy
-----------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2139688260328269384>`_
* `Slides (PDF) <http://files.meetup.com/127119/EssentialSQLAlchemy.pdf>`_
* `Rick's blog <http://pythonisito.blogspot.com/>`_

Brandon Craig Rhodes: SQLAlchemy Advanced Mappings
--------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=7582038483043089057>`_
* `Brandon's blog <http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/>`_

2008 Feburary meeting on ORMs
=============================

Rick Copeland: BloxAlchemy
--------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2130832537579149296>`_
* `Slides (PDF) <http://files.meetup.com/127119/BloxAlchemy.pdf>`_
* `Rick's blog <http://pythonisito.blogspot.com/>`_

Drew Smathers and Cary Hull: Axiom
----------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=560497242607455250>`_

Brandon Craig Rhodes: KSS
-------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=3829442611478268688>`_

2008 January meeting on package management
==========================================

Brandon Craig Rhodes: Introduction — “Python Before Eggs”
----------------------------------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=5996823626349389448>`_
* `Brandon's blog <http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/>`_

Noah Gift: virtualenv
---------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=9123486531649272791>`_
* `Noah's blog <http://noahgift.com/>`_

Brandon Craig Rhodes: Buildout
------------------------------

* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=3428163188647461098>`_
* `Brandon's buildout page <http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/buildout>`_
* `Brandon's blog <http://rhodesmill.org/brandon/>`_

2007 December meeting
=====================

* Visiting speakers `Tres Seaver <http://www.palladion.com/>`_
  and `Chris McDonough <http://www.plope.com/>`_
* `Video of talk (Google video) <http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3276625123051018943>`_
* `Slides (PDF) <http://static.repoze.org/pyatl-slides.pdf>`_
